docs - embedding updates (#35389)
metabase/metabase: docs/embedding/static-embedding.md

Also known as: static embedding.

> In general, embedding works by displaying a Metabase URL inside an iframe on your website. A **static embed** (or signed embed) is an iframe that's secured with a signed JSON Web Token (JWT). The signed JWT will prevent website visitors from poking around in your Metabase through the iframe.

Reviewer: >The signed JWT will prevent website visitors from poking around in your Metabase through the iframe.

I think this is inaccurate. The JWT covers multiple functions:

* authorize loading the artifact, e.g. dashboard - without the JWT in the URL the request will be denied by Metabase- this will work inside or outside of the iframe
* identify the ID of the resource to load in the iframe, e.g. the dashboard ID
* supply values for locked parameters 

My suggestion (wording would need to be revised):

```suggestion
In general, embedding works by displaying a Metabase URL inside an iframe on your website. A **static embed** (or signed embed) is an iframe that's loading a Metabase URL secured with a signed JSON Web Token (JWT). The URL will only load if a JWT is provided and that JWT is signed with the shared secret.

The JWT will also include a reference to the resource to load, e.g. the dashboard ID, and any values for locked parameters.
```

> You can can't use static embeds with [data sandboxes](../permissions/data-sandboxes.md) or [auditing tools](../usage-and-performance-tools/audit.md) because signed JWTs don't create user sessions (server-side sessions).

Reviewer: Maybe worth mentioning that there is no drill-down, too?

Reviewer: Good opportunity to suggest looking at interactive embedding, too, which supports these features?
